---
title: "Dad 12/11/22"
arc: forged
status: draft
date_event: "1991"
date_written: "2026-01-04"
themes: [father, farm, technology, family]
---

# Dad 12/11/22

My Dad was a hero and an authority figure, enemy, and hero. I can recall many instances Hero was destroyed in 7th grade when I, along with my siblings discovered we had a half sister named after me who was 10 months younger.

There is something that happens when your hero is destroyed right in front of you and yet it's still standing in front of you. A burning hatred that coexisted with the respect that I still had for my dad at times, but most certainly I hatred, and yet the fucked up thing is, I would long for his approval. This was a constant battle in my mind, and I would enjoy this for a decade.

Desire to win, desire to prove wrong

Search for new heroes. Books, military figures, pop-culture figures

Working really hard on the farm, getting the list of what had to be completed in order for me to get my freedom. I could get away as soon as my work was done, I would have some window of time that was my own, to wash truck, to do something more.

I never received a direct compliment until much later in life from my Dad. When I was younger, I never asked for one. While that may seem odd for a child to ask a parent for a compliment. Consider the impact that might have had on the parent? It would take me 22 years to reach a point of acceptance with my Dad, family, and life. (more later).

I missed out on a lot of things when my Dad passed in 2010. The things I miss now are never being able to have answers to things because they are the answers to the questions never asked.

- How he thought

